now journalist and his sister are
amongst the latest victims of Israeli
air strikes in the central Gaza Strip
they were killed in their family home in
the nuset refugee camp 17 people have
been killed since the early hours of
Wednesday hany Mahmud is our
correspondent in nuset in central Gaza
good to see you hany this morning mean
overnight strikes there also have killed
many more uh and brought more strain
again to hospitals barely functioning
like the one near you
yes well Israeli a strikes continue to
create more difficult situations for
Palestinians across the central area and
all over the Gaza but mainly these days
the attacks ongoing attacks by air by
land and byc are concentrated in the
Central Area there is a quite
significant use of of a of drones and
Sky predators in carrying out these
attacks and what's really concerning
about the use of the drones these sky
Predators is the fact that there no
prior warning whatsoever and it feels
more like these bombs when they fall
they crawl into the residential homes
that they are targeted uh with in
unpredictable way Ed up causing further
civilian casualties and sheer level of
Destruction similar to the attacks that
after midnight a journalist and his
sister and a and a neighbor at in next
to the residential home that was
targeted were all reported killed in
this attack and transferred to alaka
hospital just also within the past
couple hours a car in an area between a
zaa neighborhood and the City of deah
was targeted on the main road that
connects the two areas together three
people reported it killed right at the
spot and those passing by were among the
the the one critically injured also
transferred to Ala hospital at earlier
hours of this morning this really
military inducted a sudden ground
incursion of an area in the southern
eastern part of hanun is causing in
Mayhem and Chaos uh and and state of
panic for and really traumatized displac
more than one time population in the
city of kanun city of kanun has become a
a major site for Israeli operations and
so far what we looking at within the
past 10 months this this uh War and the
the all attacks that carried out are
one-sided and isra Military seems to
have the upper hand in controlling not
only the Skies of the Gaza Strip and
mainly the Central Area the southern
part of the but also the land Crossings
preventing anything from coming in and
out of the strip what's really tragic
about these attacks the aftermath 10
months and we have a whole entire Health
Care system that has been brought down
it's crippled completely by the intense
bombing campaign by the pressure put on
the health care uh staff and the healthc
care facilities across trip there are
only two Health Facilities right now
semi operational here in the central
area one behind me right here ala
hospital it's part of a charitable
organization it provides Community
Health and support here not prepared
largely for this kind of genocidal acts
on the ground but it does it help in
mitigating some of the the pressure put
on other health facilities including
alaka hospital that after the mass
evacuation order
has been completely emptied right now
including the insufficient medical staff
right now in the hospital the medical
supplies that are not available but the
situations continue to increase and
cause much more difficult situations for
everyone here honey thanks very much for
the
update make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
algera